"Stanza" doesn't translate well; replaced with "section" (#15958)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/configuration/java-agent-configuration-config-file.mdx

## Custom events [#Custom_Events]

> Set custom events settings in the `custom_insights_events` section. These settings can be [overridden](#System_Properties) with a `newrelic.config.custom_insights_events` prefixed system property.

Reviewer: These settings can be overwritten... > You can override these settings with...

> Set custom events settings in the `custom_insights_events` section. These settings can be [overridden](#System_Properties) with a `newrelic.config.custom_insights_events` prefixed system property.

Author: ```suggestion
Set custom events settings in the `custom_insights_events` section. You can [override](#System_Properties) these settings with a `newrelic.config.custom_insights_events` prefixed system property.
```

## Custom instrumentation [#Custom_Instrumentation]

> Set the custom instrumentation settings in the `class_transformer` section. These settings can be [overridden](#System_Properties) with a `newrelic.config.class_transformer` prefixed system property.

Reviewer: See above

> Set the custom instrumentation settings in the `class_transformer` section. These settings can be [overridden](#System_Properties) with a `newrelic.config.class_transformer` prefixed system property.

Author: ```suggestion
Set the custom instrumentation settings in the `class_transformer` section. You can be [override](#System_Properties) these settings with a `newrelic.config.class_transformer` prefixed system property.
```

## Error collector [#Error_Collector]

> Set the error collector settings in the `error_collector` section. Unless otherwise noted, they can be [overridden](#System_Properties) with a `newrelic.config.error_collector` prefixed system property. The error collector captures information about uncaught exceptions and sends them to New Relic for viewing.

Reviewer: See above (2nd sentence)

> Set the error collector settings in the `error_collector` section. Unless otherwise noted, they can be [overridden](#System_Properties) with a `newrelic.config.error_collector` prefixed system property. The error collector captures information about uncaught exceptions and sends them to New Relic for viewing.

Author: ```suggestion
Set the error collector settings in the `error_collector` section. Unless otherwise noted, you can [override](#System_Properties) these settings with a `newrelic.config.error_collector` prefixed system property. The error collector captures information about uncaught exceptions and sends them to New Relic for viewing.
```

### Log metrics [#log-metrics]

> In addition to allowing you to decorate and send individual log lines, the Java agent can capture logging metric data. You can find this data in the logs chart in the New Relic UI. Log metrics settings can be configured in the `metrics` section. You can override these settings with the `newrelic.config.application_logging.metrics` prefixed system property. The only available option is:

Reviewer: You can configure log metric settings in the...

> In addition to allowing you to decorate and send individual log lines, the Java agent can capture logging metric data. You can find this data in the logs chart in the New Relic UI. Log metrics settings can be configured in the `metrics` section. You can override these settings with the `newrelic.config.application_logging.metrics` prefixed system property. The only available option is:

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to allowing you to decorate and send individual log lines, the Java agent can capture logging metric data. You can find this data in the logs chart in the New Relic UI. You can configure log metrics settings in the `metrics` section. You can override these settings with the `newrelic.config.application_logging.metrics` prefixed system property. The only available option is:
```
Might as well fix em! :)

> In addition to allowing you to decorate and send individual log lines, the Java agent can capture logging metric data. You can find this data in the logs chart in the New Relic UI. Log metrics settings can be configured in the `metrics` section. You can override these settings with the `newrelic.config.application_logging.metrics` prefixed system property. The only available option is:

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to allowing you to decorate and send individual log lines, the Java agent can capture logging metric data. You can find this data in the logs chart in the New Relic UI. You can configure log metrics settings in the `metrics` section. You can override these settings with the `newrelic.config.application_logging.metrics` prefixed system property. The only available option is:
```
